Week 1:
Formed a group of 5, with 4 other people during the tutorial session. We have also decided on the group name to be "ToTheMoon".
During the tutorial as a group we have completed all the required task on hand for the week, such as registering for the group on Moodle, creating Jira and assigning who the Scrum Master is.
As a group, we have also chosen which project we would like to work on, which is the P23 "Web Platform for Connecting Professionals with Projects".

All channels of communication have been established, such as Facebook Messenger and Discord. We have also decided we have a weekly standup meeting on every Monday of the week at 9pm. 
There will be additional meetings if required, such as if there are any issues that need to be discussed.

Week 2:
Had a standup meeting on Monday 9pm, and discussed about the progress of the project. Everyone was assigned parts to work on for the project proposal.
I was tasked to work on the software architecture of the project proposal, and also to work on the initial user stories based on the given specification for the project.
After the meeting, I have worked on the initial draft for the software architecture of the project proposal, and also worked on the initial user stories for the project.
Elan had a meeting with the client, and as a group we discussed on how we can niche our application towards charity. 

Week 3:
The group noticed that our initial idea do not have much niche to it, 
we have decided to change our niche to gamification of the freelancing platform.
We have applied for ABN/ACN API which is used to verify users on the platform.
I have been working on the acceptance criteria for the user stories, 
and also the final draft for the software architecture of the project proposal which is ready for submission that section.

Week 4:
I focused on setting up the project for React along with the key libraries that we will be using for the project.
Created requirement requirement.txt which will be used to install all the required libraries for the backend of the project.
I have also created a MongoDB atlas account, and created a database for the project along with a users collection which will be used to store the user information.

Started working on the Navbar component for the project, which will be used to navigate between the different pages of the application.
Week 5:
I then began to work on the users page in admin view, which will be used to display all the users in the database.
Once that is was done I then worked on the removing that user from the database, which will be used to remove the user from the database.
Reworked the Navbar component to include a sidebar which contains all the navigation around the website
Worked on a protected linking route, which prevent loggin users from access login and register pages.
Also, did some minor fixing for Register page, where if a company registered via ABN, company name field will be prevented from editing.

Week 6:
Worked on All Project Listing page, allows both company and professional user to see all the projects on the platform.
Used Index on MONGODB to aid with the filter and  searching
Relocated Database Collection, to be more consistent with the naming convention and to be more organised.

Week 7:
Worked on User's Projects page, to keep track on which projects the user have joined or created.
Used Index on MONGODB to aid with the filter and searching on the user's project page

Week 8:
Worked on Professional listing page, allowing company user to see all the professional users on the platform.
Worked on Applicant listing page, allowing company user to see all the applicants for their project.
Changed How API return data, to be more consistent.

Week 9:
Updated the routes to be more consistent.
Worked on Admin dashboard, able to see plateform stats, such as review, project, users. Admin have an overview of all posted projects, and able to delete them. 
Worked on Professional application tracking page. 

Week 10:
Creating feature for Issuing Generating of certificate for the professional users. Focused on bug fixing on filter aspect of professional page, user project page.
Implemented boosted view for both project and professional, changed the filter according to that.